c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\Log\games.log
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\GameQuakeAPITests.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\GameQuakeAPITests.pdb
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\GameQuakeAPI.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\GameQuakeAPI.pdb
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\obj\Debug\GameQuakeAPITests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\obj\Debug\GameQuakeAPITests.dll
c:\users\vic_freitas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameQuakeAPI\GameQuakeAPITests\obj\Debug\GameQuakeAPITests.pdb
